.TH INFINOTED "1" "January 2011" "infinoted 0.5" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
infinoted \- dedicated server for the infinote protocol (e.g. Gobby)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B infinoted\-0.5
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B infinoted
is a dedicated server which allows clients to edit plain text documents and
source files collaboratively over a network. Changes to the documents are
synchronised instantly to the other clients.
.PP
This server supports the infinote protocol as implemented by libinfinity.
Example clients include Gobby 0.4.9x, Kobby and a special plugin for gedit.
It is
.B not
compatible to the older libobby protocol.
.SH OPTIONS
.SS "Help Options:"
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show help options
.SS "Application Options:"
.TP
\fB\-k\fR, \fB\-\-key\-file\fR=\fIKEY\-FILE\fR
The server's private key
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-certificate\-file\fR=\fICERTIFICATE\-FILE\fR
The server's certificate
.TP
\fB\-\-certificate\-chain\fR
The certificates chain down to the root certificate
.TP
\fB\-\-create\-key\fR
Creates a new random private key
.TP
\fB\-\-create\-certificate\fR
Creates a new self\-signed certificate using the given key
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-port\-number\fR=\fIPORT\fR
The port number to listen on
.TP
\fB\-\-security\-policy\fR=\fIno\-tls\fR|allow\-tls|require\-tls
How to decide whether to use TLS
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-root\-directory\fR=\fIDIRECTORY\fR
The directory to store documents into
.TP
\fB\-\-autosave\-interval\fR=\fIINTERVAL\fR
Interval within which to save documents, in seconds, or 0 to disable autosave
.TP
\fB\-P\fR, \fB\-\-password\fR=\fIPASSWORD\fR
Require given password on connections
.TP
\fB\-P\fR, \fB\-\-pam-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR
Authenticate clients against given pam service on connection
.TP
\fB\-P\fR, \fB\-\-allow-user\fR=\fIUSERS\fR
Users allowed to connect after pam authentication. Separate entries with semicolons.
.TP
\fB\-P\fR, \fB\-\-allow-group\fR=\fIGROUPS\fR
Group allowed to connect after pam authentication. Separate entries with semicolons.
.TP
\fB\-\-sync\-directory\fR=\fIDIRECTORY\fR
A directory into which to periodically store a copy of the document tree
.TP
\fB\-\-sync\-interval\fR=\fIINTERVAL\fR
Interval within which to store documents to the specified sync\-directory, in seconds, or 0 to disable directory synchronization
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-daemonize\fR
Daemonize the server
.TP
\fB\-D\fR, \fB\-\-kill\-daemon\fR
Kill a running daemon
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Display version information and exit
.SH AUTHOR
.B infinoted
and
.B libinfinity
were written by Armin Burgmeier <armin@0x539.de>.
