.TH INFINOTED "1" "January 2011" "infinoted 0.6" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
infinoted \- dedicated server for the infinote protocol (e.g. Gobby)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B infinoted\-0.6
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B infinoted
is a dedicated server which allows clients to edit plain text documents and
source files collaboratively over a network. Changes to the documents are
synchronized instantly to the other clients.
.PP
This server supports the infinote protocol as implemented by libinfinity.
Example clients include Gobby 0.4.9x, Kobby and a special plugin for gedit.
It is
.B not
compatible to the older libobby protocol.
.SH OPTIONS
.SS "Help Options:"
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show help options
.SS "Application Options:"
.TP
\fB\-k\fR, \fB\-\-key\-file\fR=\fIKEY\-FILE\fR
The server's private key
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-certificate\-file\fR=\fICERTIFICATE\-FILE\fR
The server's certificate
.TP
\fB\-\-certificate\-chain\fR
The certificates chain down to the root certificate
.TP
\fB\-\-create\-key\fR
Creates a new random private key
.TP
\fB\-\-create\-certificate\fR
Creates a new self\-signed certificate using the given key
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-port\-number\fR=\fIPORT\fR
The port number to listen on
.TP
\fB\-\-security\-policy\fR=\fIno\-tls\fR|allow\-tls|require\-tls
How to decide whether to use TLS
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-root\-directory\fR=\fIDIRECTORY\fR
A directory to save the document tree into in infinoted\-xml format.
This is the location where the tree is kept persistently so that it is
available again after server restart. Usually, documents are saved in
this tree 60 seconds after the last user left the session. In addition
to this, with the \-\-autosave-interval option it is possible to save
sessions into the tree periodically. The default directory is
~/.infinote.
.TP
\fB\-\-autosave\-interval\fR=\fIINTERVAL\fR
Interval  within  which  to  save the document tree to the root directory,
in seconds, or 0 to disable autosave. If autosave is disabled, documents
are only stored to the filesystem 60 seconds after the last user has left the
session or when the server is shut down. If autosave is enabled, documents
are still stored on these two occasions in addition to the periodic save.
.TP
\fB\-P\fR, \fB\-\-password\fR=\fIPASSWORD\fR
Require given password on connections
.TP
\fB\-\-pam-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR
Authenticate clients against given pam service on connection
.TP
\fB\-\-allow-user\fR=\fIUSERS\fR
Users allowed to connect after pam authentication. Separate entries with semicolons.
.TP
\fB\-\-allow-group\fR=\fIGROUPS\fR
Group allowed to connect after pam authentication. Separate entries with semicolons.
.TP
\fB\-\-ca-list-file\fR=\fIFILENAME\fR
Specify a filename with trusted certificates. If this option is given, clients
will be requested to authenticate themselves with a certificate, and only if
the certificate was signed by one of the CAs in the list the client connection
will be accepted.
.TP
\fB\-\-sync\-directory\fR=\fIDIRECTORY\fR
A directory into which to periodically export the documents of the directory
as plain text files. Requires \-\-sync\-interval to be set non-zero.
.TP
\fB\-\-sync\-interval\fR=\fIINTERVAL\fR
Interval within which to store documents to the specified sync\-directory,
in seconds, or 0 to disable directory synchronization. Requires
\-\-sync\-directory to be set.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-daemonize\fR
Daemonize the server
.TP
\fB\-D\fR, \fB\-\-kill\-daemon\fR
Kill a running daemon
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Display version information and exit
.SH AUTHOR
.B infinoted
and
.B libinfinity
were written by Armin Burgmeier <armin@0x539.de>.
